{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f106\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f109\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f110\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f111\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s3\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright 
\i\f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat9 \f15\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Document Map;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid669867867}{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1071196189}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1071196189\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid669867867\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info
{\title # K $+ }{\author Aurelitec}{\operator Aurelitec}{\creatim\yr1997\mo12\dy23\hr16\min30}{\revtim\yr1999\mo4\dy26\hr19\min16}{\version705}{\edmins566}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords782}{\nofchars4461}{\*\company software author}{\nofcharsws0}
{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super #}{ IDH_ARP_OVERVIEW}}}{ }{\cs16\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {
\cs16\super K}{ introduction; overview}}}{ }{\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super $}{ Overview}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super +}{0010}}}{ }{\fs8 

\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright {\b\f1\fs24 Overview}{\b\f1 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs8 
\par }{\f1 
In Windows, when you want to uninstall (remove) a program from your computer, all you have to do is open the Add/Remove Programs dialog box from the Control Panel, select the program from the list and click the Add/Remove button. The program uninstall rou
tine should start and remove all the files and settings of the program from your computer, and also remove the program from the Add/Remove Programs list.
\par 
\par Unfortunately, this does not happen all the time. Sometimes, even after running the uninstall routine,
 you may find that the program is still listed in the Add/Remove Programs list. When you delete programs manually, they still remain in the Add/Remove list. After a while, you may notice that your Add/Remove list is full of unwanted items and programs tha
t are no longer installed on your computer.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 Add/Remove Plus!}{\f1  is a small but useful utility that has been designed to help you manage the list with programs that can be uninstalled by Windows. Instead of uninstalling a program using the standard Windows Add
/Remove Programs dialog box, uninstall it with Add/Remove Plus! After removing the program from your computer, Add/Remove Plus! will ensure that the program is also removed from the Add/Remove list.
\par 
\par Add/Remove Plus! allows you to manage the Add/Remove Pro
grams list by deleting orphan entries, modifying the entries (including the uninstall commands) or by adding new entries to the list (it even supports drag and drop - dropping a shortcut to an uninstall program will add the program to the list!)
\par 
\par A great f
eature of Add/Remove Plus! is the ability to show you which applications are missing their uninstall program. These are usually applications that have been removed from your computer, but have remained in the Add/Remove list, due to a misbehaved uninstall
er. They are only cluttering the list and should be removed, but not before checking that they are really gone. This can be accomplished by trying to run their uninstall program (the one that is probably missing).
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super #}{ IDH_ARP_USING}}}{ }{\cs16\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20 {\cs16\super K}{ using; uninstall}}}{ }{\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super $}{ Using Add/Remove Plus!}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super +}{
0020}}}{ }{\fs8 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright {\b\f1\fs24 Using Add/Remove Plus!}{\b\f1 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f1 How to uninstall a program?
\par }{\f1 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 1. Locate the program you wish to uninstall in the list and select it.
\par 2. Click the }{\i\f1 Add/Remove}{\f1  item from the menu located to the left of the list (or double-click the program name in the list).
\par 3. A dialog box will be displayed prompting you to continue or cancel. Click the Uninstall button.
\par 4. Add/Remove Plus! will run the uninstall routine of the program.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 If the uninstall routine does not remove the program from the Add/Remove Programs list Add/Remove Plus! will prompt you to remove it.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 How to remove a program from the list?
\par }{\f1 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 1. Locate the program in the list and select it.
\par 2. Click the }{\i\f1 Delete Entry}{\f1  item from the menu located to the left of the list.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 
\par }{\b\f1 How to modify a list entry?
\par }{\f1 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 1. Locate the program in the list and select it.
\par 2. Click the }{\i\f1 Modify Entry}{\f1  item from the menu located to the left of the list.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 3. Edit the program name or the uninstall command and click OK to apply changes.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 How to add a new program to the list?
\par }{\f1 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 1. Click the }{\i\f1 New Entry}{\f1  item from the menu located to the left of the list.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 3. Enter the program name and the uninstall command and click OK to add the new entry to the list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 The Setup program created a shortcut for the uninstall program, but did not create an entry in the Add/Remove Programs list. Can Add/Remove Plus! help me?}{\f1 
\par 
\par Sure. Just drag the Uninstall program shortcut from Explorer and drop it over the Add/Remove Plus! window. Add/Remove Plus! will add it to the list of programs that can be uninstalled from your computer.
\par }\pard\plain \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super #}{ IDH_ARP_OPTIONS}}}{ }{\cs16\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super K}{ options}}}{ }{\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super $}{ Options}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {
\cs16\super +}{0030}}}{ }{\fs8 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright {\b\f1\fs24 Options}{\b\f1 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 To open the Options dialog box, select the Options menu entry from the File menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 Confirm Entry Deletion
\par }{\f1 
\par If you select this option, Add/Remove Plus! will prompt for confirmation before deleting a program from the Add/Remove Programs list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 Confirm Application Uninstall
\par }{\f1 
\par If you select this option, Add/Remove Plus! will prompt for confirmation before uninstalling a program.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 Ensure removal from the Add/Remove list
\par }{\f1 
\par If you select this option, Add/Remove Plus! will ensure that the program is also removed from the Add/Remove Programs list after it is removed from your computer.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 Show a question mark near missing uninstallers}{\f1 
\par 
\par If you select this option, Add/Remove Plus! will show a question mark near the applications that are missing their uninstall program. This helps you to quickly find which applications have been removed from your computer, but not from the Add/Remove list.

\par }\pard\plain \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super #}{ IDH_ARP_SUPPORT}}}{ }{\cs16\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super K}{ support; contact information; Aurelitec}}}{ }{\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super $}{ Technical support and contact information}}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs16\super +}{1000}}}{ }{\fs8 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright {\b\f1\fs24 Technical support and contact information}{\b\f1 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f1\fs8 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 For technical support, questions, comments or suggestions, please write to:
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1\uldb support@aurelitec.com}{\v\f1 !ExecFile(\ldblquote mailto:support@aurelitec.com\rdblquote )}{\f1 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 When reporting problems, please include the version number of Add/Remove Plus! you are running, and details about the
 problem, whether it is reproducible, how often it occurs, the error message you get, etc.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1 Contacting Aurelitec
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \i\f1\fs20 {\i0 General E-mail address: }{\i0\uldb info@aurelitec.com}{\i0\v !ExecFile(\ldblquote mailto:info@aurelitec.com\rdblquote )}{\i0 
\par }{
\par }{\i0 Sales Information: }{\i0\uldb sales@aurelitec.com}{\i0\v !ExecFile(\ldblquote mailto:sales@aurelitec.com\rdblquote )}{\i0 
\par }{
\par }{\i0 World Wide Web: }{\i0\uldb http://www.aurelitec.com}{\i0\v !ExecFile(\ldblquote http://www.aurelitec.com\rdblquote )}{\i0 
\par }\pard\plain \keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\page }{\fs8 
\par }}