
Add/Remove Plus!
Version 1.0

Produced and distributed by
Aurelitec Software Network
http://www.aurelitec.com

Copyright © 1998-1999 Aurelitec Development Group
All rights reserved.

___________________________________________________________________

 SOFTWARE LICENSE AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
___________________________________________________________________

NOTICE: THIS IS A CONTRACT. BY INSTALLING AND USING THIS 
SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE 
PROCEEDING. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PROMPTLY DESTROY 
ALL COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE IN YOUR POSSESSION.

This edition of Add/Remove Plus! is made available free of charge.
You may use this edition indefinitely.

Distribution

Provided that you verify that you are distributing the free 
edition of Add/Remove Plus!, you are hereby licensed to make as 
many copies of the software and documentation as you wish; give 
exact copies of the original free edition to anyone; and 
distribute the free edition of the software and documentation in 
its unmodified form via electronic means. There is no charge for 
any of the above.

You are specifically prohibited from charging, or requesting 
donations, for any such copies, however made; and from 
distributing the software and/or documentation with other 
products (commercial or otherwise) without prior written 
permission.

Copyright and Restrictions

The Program is owned by Aurelitec and is protected by the 
Romanian and United States copyright laws and international 
treaty provisions. All rights not expressly granted are retained. 
None of the components of the software (including the 
documentation) may be copied, removed or altered, in whole or 
part, for any unauthorized use.

Disclaimer of Warranty

THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD "AS IS" AND 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY 
OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. Because of the 
various hardware and software environments into which Add/Remove 
Plus! may be put, NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
IS OFFERED.

Good data processing procedure dictates that any program be 
thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it. 
The user must assume the entire risk of using the program. ANY 
LIABILITY OF THE SELLER WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO PRODUCT 
REPLACEMENT OR REFUND OF PURCHASE PRICE.

Jurisdiction, General Provisions

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of Romania. Valid in 
all questions of law is the Romanian law and the Romanian 
jurisdiction. All users of this software agree to the Romanian 
law and the Romanian jurisdiction.

Any action or proceeding brought by anyone arising out of or 
related to these terms and conditions shall be brought only in a 
court of competent jurisdiction located in Oradea, Romania, and 
the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of said 
court.